# discord-rp-novelizer
A Python program for taking text files generated from rp servers and organizing them.

__How To Use__
1. Obtain CSV files of your desired channels with [DiscordChatExporter by Tyrrz](https://github.com/Tyrrrz/DiscordChatExporter).
2. Download Novelizer.py and import it into a file with your preferred Python editor. Create a Novelizer object. 
3. read_in each CSV file with read_in(r"your file path"). This will print the channel name and number of messages. 
      OR
   read_in_from_folder_of_DCE_csv(r"folder path"). Make sure every file in the hierarchy is in the proper format! 
4. Define a timedelta object from the datetime module to be your scene separation threshold. A scene will end if there is a gap of this length or greater between messages. Half an hour is a decent place to start. 
5. Use novelize with your timedelta object and a filename to produce. 

  This will produce a text file of messages, sorted into scenes which are marked by channel. Each message is marked by author only. 


__Current Capabilites__
  - Read messages from CSV file
  - Split messages into scenes based on user-defined time between
  - Create chronological list of scenes, based on start time, regardless of channel. 
  - Read a folder full of files 



__Future Goals__
  - Sort messages by author (create corpuses for natural language processing)
  - Print style customization- what to include, what not to
  - Automatic time between estimation
  - Easier time definition- create timedelta object within functions
  - More failproofing
  
  
__Future Possibilities__
  - Create a GUI or other interface
  - Authorship and other analysis to determine characters in scenes
  - Expand capabilities past Discord exclusively
  
Made to use text files generated by [DiscordChatExporter by Tyrrz](https://github.com/Tyrrrz/DiscordChatExporter).
  
